Filip Hanaczewski: And it's recording alright perfect.
Arthur Fantaci: Yeah. So we'll take this transcript, having covered each of those elements.
Arthur Fantaci: And then my plan is just to
Arthur Fantaci: use Qlik Answers to
Arthur Fantaci: make our lives easier, to generate
Arthur Fantaci: a draft document that
Arthur Fantaci: well, then, we can just touch it up over the course of the 2 weeks, and at the end.
Filip Hanaczewski: That sounds great.
Arthur Fantaci: Yeah, so good. All right. I would love unless you're would you rather go through the questions first, or do you want to go through your project plan? First, let's go through the questions. Let's get the formalities first. Okay? Sounds good. Let me.
Arthur Fantaci: I'm gonna pull up my
Arthur Fantaci: email just to go through each of the
Arthur Fantaci: individual questions.
Arthur Fantaci: Okay, great. So
Arthur Fantaci: we'll just go through them in in turn. So the first question is the Company Name. Is Percona the entire company name, or is it Percona Inc. or is there a different name? The next question is Company Industry.
Arthur Fantaci: What is Percona's Industry?
Filip Hanaczewski: It's databases services.
Arthur Fantaci: Okay, thanks. I was not familiar with Percona, but
Arthur Fantaci: now I am, and I'm glad to know
Arthur Fantaci: The next question is Company Location. Where is Percona located?
Filip Hanaczewski: The Percona company headquarters is located in Raleigh, North Carolina, United States.
Arthur Fantaci: Okay. And the next question is Company Contact. I'm assuming you and I will be working together, and that you, Filip Hanaczewski, are the Company Contact. The next question is the Company Contact Role.
Filip Hanaczewski: Yes, I am the correct person to list as the Company Contact.
Filip Hanaczewski: My title is Senior Business Systems Analyst, and my title should be listed as the Company Contact Role.
Arthur Fantaci: Alright, thank you, Filip. Let's begin discussing the purpose of this project we're here today to kick off? What activities will Qlik Professional Services be performing and what deliverables will Qlik Professional Services be delivering for Percona during the course of this project?
Filip Hanaczewski: Okay, so
Filip Hanaczewski: our plan is to get data and analytics
Filip Hanaczewski: adopted in Percona because we are really struggling with it.
Filip Hanaczewski: The plan is to make the data and analytics like Business Intelligence tool and
Filip Hanaczewski: data literacy data cataloging more
Filip Hanaczewski: available and approachable
Filip Hanaczewski: for the entire company. Percona will start small. There will be just few people that will be starting with Qlik
Filip Hanaczewski: to use it, and then we will propagate the knowledge
Filip Hanaczewski: to a wider audience.
Filip Hanaczewski: 1st of all, we will want to create some trainings
Filip Hanaczewski: based on your experience based on Qlik's
Filip Hanaczewski: learning resources.
Filip Hanaczewski: That's what we will want to bring to Percona
Filip Hanaczewski: with this Qlik Professional Services engagement.
Filip Hanaczewski: And the
Filip Hanaczewski: deliverables that we are thinking, like the measurable things that we want to get out of this Professional Services engagement
Filip Hanaczewski: are, first off, the Booking Data Dashboard that will be available for the Percona Finance Team. Secondly, the Percona Revenue Operations Team, as well as the wider audience
Filip Hanaczewski: connected to Percona's ServiceNow data. I am having a problem with the Qlik ServiceNow Data Connector. The
Filip Hanaczewski: out-of-the-box Qlik ServiceNow Data Connector doesn't work properly, and I'm struggling with the API. So that's the second thing. And the third thing is Training Materials. Preparation of Training Materials is the third
Filip Hanaczewski: goal, together with the
Filip Hanaczewski: with Data Catalog preparation. So,
Filip Hanaczewski: we want to have a set of information for new users that will be
Filip Hanaczewski: joining Percona's Qlik Cloud Platform and will be able to use the tool, and we want to address them with the Training Materials first, and then we would want to provide them access to some type of Data Catalog, so they will be able to see what kind of data sets do they have, what kind of data is in those data sets, and what kinds of
Filip Hanaczewski: Data Visualizations or Qlik Dashboards we already have.
Filip Hanaczewski: This kind of stuff is the 3rd goal and is the least important at this point, but I would want to address it, also, if we'll have time.
Arthur Fantaci: Okay, thank you. Yeah. In 99% of my
Arthur Fantaci: experiences with engagements of this kind, no one is able to articulate as clearly as you just did what they want to get out of the engagement. So this is terrific, and I embrace your third point
Arthur Fantaci: because it's soon enough that the first two priorities will be met, and then ongoing you'll be left with needing to meet your third priority of how to onboard
Arthur Fantaci: new users to the Qlik Cloud Platform, as well as foster their productive use of the platform. So,
Arthur Fantaci: what we can do over the next day is
Arthur Fantaci: brainstorm and
Arthur Fantaci: scope out what we need to get done, and then prioritize those items and identify what we can actually get done within this engagement's allowable time. So at a minimum for the third point,
Arthur Fantaci: you and I can work together to make sure that we at least have a framework, if not,
Arthur Fantaci: you know, specific deliverables for that 3rd objective of Training, Onboarding, and those kinds of activities.
Filip Hanaczewski: Excellent.
Arthur Fantaci: Okay.
Arthur Fantaci: Yeah, Training, Onboarding, and those kinds of activities have been a real interest of mine over the last few years.
Arthur Fantaci: I digress a bit here, but
Arthur Fantaci: how do you put
Arthur Fantaci: that type of
Arthur Fantaci: resource into a in a digestible
Arthur Fantaci: medium, so that people actually use it, you know.
Arthur Fantaci: So yeah. So I'm glad to have that third point be a part of this engagement.
Arthur Fantaci: Okay, that was terrific. And
Arthur Fantaci: all right. So let's talk about the solution. Some of these points. Clearly, we won't
Arthur Fantaci: be, or I won't, because you won't have to draft any of this, but I'll be grateful for your oversight and
Arthur Fantaci: approval of the content.
Arthur Fantaci: In terms of the solutions we deliver during this engagement, is Percona on
Arthur Fantaci: the Qlik Windows Enterprise platform or the Qlik Cloud platform?
Filip Hanaczewski: Percona is on the Qlik Cloud platform.
Arthur Fantaci: That's great. Okay, good. Is Percona using any of the Qlik Data Integration
Arthur Fantaci: components of the Qlik Cloud platform? Or is this engagement focused entirely on Qlik Cloud Analytics and Qlik Sense application development? Because I did, thank you very much, get access right away to Percona's Qlik Cloud Tenant
Arthur Fantaci: from the link you provided me. So this engagement will be focused on Qlik Cloud Analytics and Qlik Sense
Arthur Fantaci: in terms of the tools and components we'll be using. Okay, yeah.
Filip Hanaczewski: Yes, Qlik Sense. Well, Qlik Cloud, I'm not sure of the naming of the specific Qlik product that Percona has licensed from Qlik. But I think Qlik Sense. But it's the Qlik Cloud Platform version of Qlik Sense, and we don't have any specific Qlik product components or integrations added to Percona's Qlik Cloud Platform. I was recently talking with Qlik Talend about the Qlik Cloud Data Integration products and capabilities, because Percona is also looking at the Qlik Cloud version of the Qlik Data Integration Platform as an additional piece of the Qlik Cloud Platform to license from Qlik.
Filip Hanaczewski: But Percona hasn't made any decisions or affirmative steps around licensing any components of the Qlik Data Integration Platform. So Percona
Filip Hanaczewski: just has the Qlik Cloud instance that you got invited to log into as a user. Please let me know if you are missing any privileges to see something more, because we don't have much implemented in our Qlik Cloud instance yet. If there would be something more that you need, just let me know, and I'll change it.
Arthur Fantaci: Oh, that's great. I appreciate that. So after we've ended this first meeting, I'll go drive around the Percona Qlik Cloud instance and take a look. I'm laughing because
Arthur Fantaci: you can join the club in terms of confusion about Qlik's product naming conventions. It's the same for me. Things
Arthur Fantaci: things change so quickly. So you articulated it beautifully. So there's none of the Talend Qlik Data Integration
Arthur Fantaci: components. And we're just gonna be working right on the Percona Qlik Cloud Tenant. So that's perfect.
Arthur Fantaci: All right, and let me look at the next question, Product and Service Use. We've already talked about the Implementation Process question. So now let's
Arthur Fantaci: discuss my activities and deliverables for next day or so. After I complete those activities and deliverables, we can plan to meet
Arthur Fantaci: and we'll walk through what I think would be,
Arthur Fantaci: I hope, an acceptable work plan and how we'll get things done for the duration of this current engagement.
Arthur Fantaci: So that's the solution piece for now:
Arthur Fantaci: the Engagement Outline document, as well as the details and timelines of this engagement. So we know, today's date, Monday, July 14, 2024 will be the answer to the 'Start Date' question.
Arthur Fantaci: And with this engagement budgeted for eighty hours, we know the answer to the 'End Date' question will be Friday, July 26, 2024. And the answers to some of these questions aren't set in stone. For instance, we have a set block of eighty billable hours.
Arthur Fantaci: My way of working is,
Arthur Fantaci: you know, we'll make sure we get down on paper and agree very quickly about what we want to get done in the eighty hours of billable time. But if it takes a few hours extra here or there, that's irrelevant. It's not going to be, "I've burned through my allotted hours, and now I'll stop working" or something like that.
Arthur Fantaci: To answer the 'Engagement Team' question, let's just list out the individuals from Percona and Qlik that we envision participating in this engagement, and also, for instance, any relevant Project Stakeholders.
Arthur Fantaci: I know this isn't a very big project. But if there are other people that aren't direct members of the 'Engagement Team', like, for instance, Approvers or Steering Committee members, if you will.
Arthur Fantaci: Identifying those types of individuals will assist in answering the question about 'Milestones' because if those individuals need to be apprised over the course of this engagement, and you know what information we would need to provide them, we can create specific 'Milestones' to document those requirements.
Filip Hanaczewski: Okay. So our plan was to
Filip Hanaczewski: get the engagement with the Qlik Professional Services Team, or you, Arthur Fantaci, specifically
Filip Hanaczewski: for about a week and work with you on the most problematic things: the issue with the Qlik ServiceNow Data Connector; the Percona Booking Data Qlik Sense application (i.e., Booking Data Dashboard), specifically the data and initial dashboard preparation based on the data that is already imported into Percona's Qlik Cloud platform.
Filip Hanaczewski: Because I was able to prepare the data set for the Booking Data Dashboard. It's not perfect. We will talk about it in upcoming calls we need to schedule, probably during the calls we schedule to discuss the scope of the Booking Data Dashboard development.
Filip Hanaczewski: The thing is, that Percona would want to have like a week-long initial engagement
Filip Hanaczewski: first,
Filip Hanaczewski: where we will see what was done by Qlik Professional Services, and then we would want to pause this engagement for an indeterminate period to allow Percona to get acquainted with that specific work and deliverables.
Filip Hanaczewski: And after that pause, Percona would want re-engage with Qlik Professional Services, with some more questions, and resume the engagement for the remaining duration of forty billable hours.
Filip Hanaczewski: What we don't understand, but we will not be able to reproduce ourselves, because we don't understand some pieces of it, and then we would want to get the like. The second week of this engagement. If that makes sense for the activities and deliverables necessary to address the Training and Data Cataloging areas of interest. And all of this area encompassing the
Filip Hanaczewski: Data Governance piece, as well as
Filip Hanaczewski: more questions and so on. I'm not sure if
Filip Hanaczewski: one week, this first week will be enough
Filip Hanaczewski: to deliver the Booking Data Dashboard and resolve the issue with the Qlik ServiceNow Data Connector, enabling access to the ServiceNow data and integration with the ServiceNow database.
Filip Hanaczewski: If that will be not enough, we can take more time. But Percona would want to get some break in the middle, so we can get acquainted with what was done and get back to Qlik Professional Services with questions.
Filip Hanaczewski: Okay.
Filip Hanaczewski: So that's like the overall timeline
Filip Hanaczewski: that we see. There are no hard deadlines for Percona for when this needs to be done.
Filip Hanaczewski: And the answer to the 'Engagement Team' question will be me
Filip Hanaczewski: and my director, Eduardo Casareo.
Filip Hanaczewski: Eduardo Casareo will be the decision maker, probably with any need to increase the number of Qlik Professional Service's billable hours or any additional engagements with Qlik Professional Services. If either of those contingencies were going to happen.
Filip Hanaczewski: And the other member of the 'Engagement Team' from Percona will be Amal Naik, from the Percona Finance Team.
Filip Hanaczewski: Amal Naik is a Senior Financial Analyst with Percona. Amal Naik is the primary stakeholder of the Booking Data Dashboard. Amal will be maintaining the Booking Data Dashboard, changing it, and improving it, based on the requirements he receives from other Percona Finance Team Stakeholders.
Filip Hanaczewski: And another member of the 'Engagement Team' but
Filip Hanaczewski: less involved, will be Shannon Lastname.
Filip Hanaczewski: Shannon Lastname is Amal Naik's
Filip Hanaczewski: manager. And the final member of the 'Engagement Team' from Percona is this engagement's
Filip Hanaczewski: sponsor, Eileen Bigwig.
Filip Hanaczewski: That's like the whole team from Percona that will be working on this small project, and each of their names should be added as responses to the 'Engagement Team' question.
Arthur Fantaci: Okay, that's perfect, and what we can do is one thing I love about using, recording the meeting and using the transcript is, I'll come back to you just to confirm spellings and titles for the folks we just talked about.
Arthur Fantaci: So we don't have to worry about it right now, and agreed. So from Qlik Professional Services, the names that should be added as responses to the 'Engagement Team' question are: Arthur Fantaci and Mark Vincze. So I'll give you just the quick version of my background. So my name is Arthur Fantaci and I've been with Qlik for the past six years. I've been working with the Qlik platform for over 10 years. I've been focused on Qlik Sense for the last
Arthur Fantaci: 5 or 6 years.
Arthur Fantaci: I tend to
Arthur Fantaci: focus on the Data Modeling process all the way
Arthur Fantaci: into Dashboard design
Arthur Fantaci: and creation, as well as
Arthur Fantaci: the more recent
Arthur Fantaci: features in the Qlik Cloud Platform, like
Arthur Fantaci: Qlik Alerting. Or, for instance, the Qlik Answers product launch is coming up. So I've spent the last month
Arthur Fantaci: getting up to speed on the pre-release version of that product.
Arthur Fantaci: I have about 25 plus years in this Business Intelligence game.
Arthur Fantaci: And that's my background.
Filip Hanaczewski: We are very excited to begin this engagement.
Filip Hanaczewski: I see
Filip Hanaczewski: we are in good hands.
Arthur Fantaci: I hope so. I very much enjoy what I do. This engagement appears to present a lot of opportunity to build a great foundation. I'll also be supported by
Arthur Fantaci: the Qlik Professional Services folks that you've been on the phone with during your previous calls this past April and June. So, for instance, Mark Vincze, is someone who, one of the people I would report up into and he's in management of Qlik Professional Services, but he has many years under his belt of delivering Qlik implementations
Arthur Fantaci: and Lance Anderson
Arthur Fantaci: again, also from a platform implementation and maintenance. And obviously because I'm with Qlik, I have access to resources. So if there are questions that come up along the way, and then also
Arthur Fantaci: I can give you, I'm happy to provide
Arthur Fantaci: advice about how to navigate Qlik as an organization. So you know, in terms of support.
Arthur Fantaci: getting previews or access or things like that without
Arthur Fantaci: they basically skipping, skipping the line. So alright, and I think we've talked pretty well about. So I appreciate the you sharing the team from your side. Based our conversation thus far, I think we've answered the 'Overview' question.
Arthur Fantaci: Alright, let's discuss how to answer the 'Post Implementation' question.
Arthur Fantaci: I guess this would be a good time. So for key milestones and post implementation, which we can kind of consider post implementation, a milestone as well. I understand what you shared with me about. We want to see what we want to see, what we can get done in a 40 h block.
Arthur Fantaci: and then provide an opportunity for you all
Arthur Fantaci: to digest what has been delivered.
Arthur Fantaci: and then come back with another block. Ideally 40 h
Arthur Fantaci: to address what comes up during that
Arthur Fantaci: break period.
Filip Hanaczewski: That's super!
Arthur Fantaci: Okay? So I think kind of naturally, then, would be, for instance, a Milestone would be the end of this, the end of the 1st block.
Arthur Fantaci: The beginning of the
Arthur Fantaci: second block
Arthur Fantaci: which would largely be
Arthur Fantaci: you and your colleagues presenting
Arthur Fantaci: what you want to get out of the second
Arthur Fantaci: block of time,
Arthur Fantaci: and then
Arthur Fantaci: a meeting or review at the end of that second 40 hours.
Arthur Fantaci: And so one thing I can think of for this week, or say over the next 24
Arthur Fantaci: to 48 hours would be for you and I
Arthur Fantaci: to create some sort
Arthur Fantaci: of work plan
Arthur Fantaci: for this 1st block,
Arthur Fantaci: and what we anticipate currently for the second block, because we don't quite know what you're going to get, but I feel like, perhaps by the end of the day tomorrow, Tuesday, July 16, 2024 or before noon on Wednesday, July 17, 2024.
Arthur Fantaci: we're gonna want to
Arthur Fantaci: agree on and create a Phase One Work Plan Document that details what are we delivering
Arthur Fantaci: this week
Arthur Fantaci: in terms of whether we'll have enough time to
Arthur Fantaci: fix the Qlik ServiceNow Data Connector,
Arthur Fantaci: how much can we get built out of the Booking Data Dashboard,
Arthur Fantaci: and then for the Training Material? And I know it sounds a little silly that the Engagement's Phase One will only be 5 days long, and we wouldn't review a first draft of the Phase One Work Plan Document until the end of the Engagement's Phase One second day or the beginning of the Engagement's Phase One third day.
Arthur Fantaci: Does that make sense that within the next
Arthur Fantaci: day and a half to 2 days we draft a Phase One Work Plan Document? I'll draft the initial Phase One Work Plan Document that we can review and agree that it contains
Arthur Fantaci: an accurate depiction of our Engagement Roadmap or Engagement Work Plan for delivery of Engagement Phase One activities and deliverables. Do you agree with that approach, Filip?
Filip Hanaczewski: All right. Great. That sounds good, and so I don't really know about in terms of the break how we incorporate that into the current Engagement.
Arthur Fantaci: The beauty of being the client is you're the client, so we'll figure out how to make this work. And another reason, I think it's important that we
Arthur Fantaci: document these kinds of things. If whatever reason, I'm not the person who is working with you at the second piece. I anticipate I will be. But if there's a break we'll just need to make sure about that.
Arthur Fantaci: We'll make sure there won't be any hiccups or
Arthur Fantaci: learning curve if a different Qlik Professional Services Consultant is assigned to complete the Engagement's second half (i.e., Phase Two).
Arthur Fantaci: Alright. So that sounds good for the Engagement's
Filip Hanaczewski: 'Results and Achievements' question. Obviously.
Arthur Fantaci: I think this would be more of.
Arthur Fantaci: You've shared with me. What your objectives are
Arthur Fantaci: in relation to providing the details to answer the 'Quantifiable
Arthur Fantaci: Improvements' question.
Arthur Fantaci: I believe 'Quantifiable Improvements' would be described as improvements
Arthur Fantaci: over Percona's state of operations prior to implementing it's Qlik Cloud Platform and the completion of this engagement. We don't need to be slavishly thorough here. But are there things just
Arthur Fantaci: off the top of your head that
Arthur Fantaci: you're associating with Percona achieving the three things we talked about earlier.
Filip Hanaczewski: Yes, that's exactly how we can put it.
Filip Hanaczewski: If we accomplish the three things we talked about earlier, Percona will get a Booking Data Dashboard with reports and associated functionality at the end of the Engagement's entire eighty-hour block of billable hours.
Filip Hanaczewski: And Percona will have no further questions, and will understand how to start maintaining and improving the Booking Data Dashboard.
Filip Hanaczewski: That's a 'Quantifiable Improvement' associated with achieving the first of the three things we discussed earlier during this conversation.
Filip Hanaczewski: That will be a measurable result for Percona.
Filip Hanaczewski: The second measurable result will be resolving the current issue preventing Percona's use of the Qlik ServiceNow Data Connector: If the Qlik ServiceNow Data Connector will be working for the ServiceNow data
Filip Hanaczewski: that we want to begin importing into Qlik Sense, and we are able to understand
Filip Hanaczewski: how to write the connection
Filip Hanaczewski: for the next
Filip Hanaczewski: data sets that we will want to put in. That's another measurable achievement for Percona.
Filip Hanaczewski: The third 'Quantifiable Improvement' will be the creation of a Data Catalogue or Data Catalogue for the Percona Teams using the Qlik Cloud Platform. And Percona knowing how to improve the Data Catalogue and
Filip Hanaczewski: and use it productively. That achievement would be the 3rd thing.
Arthur Fantaci: Okay, and when you say Data Catalog, are you referring specifically to the Qlik Data Catalog component? Or are you using the term 'Data Catalogue' in the generic sense?
Filip Hanaczewski: I am using the term 'Data Catalog' more generically. I'm using it more generically. We would want to introduce, like kind of a Data Catalog as a concept in Percona. In general, we do not have. I think we do not have the Qlik Data Catalog product if that's an actual Qlik product. So when I refer to a Data Catalog, I'm thinking about a place where people would be able to just go in, see what's available and
Filip Hanaczewski: read about this a bit to understand the data points that are there, and just make sure that
Filip Hanaczewski: they know what
Filip Hanaczewski: they can do with it.
Arthur Fantaci: Okay, I understand what you are saying,
Arthur Fantaci: and
Arthur Fantaci:  we can come up with an initial scalable Data Catalog solution that you could implement just within Percona's existing Qlik Cloud Platform, using Qlik Sense. So, for instance,
Arthur Fantaci: whether it's within individual dashboards having one sheet
Arthur Fantaci: that provides a catalog
Arthur Fantaci: of the dimensions and measures.
Arthur Fantaci: with more with metadata associated
Arthur Fantaci: with those elements,
Arthur Fantaci: even rolling up the details for easy investigation.
Arthur Fantaci: So one, I think one step would be, you know.
Arthur Fantaci: at the individual application or dashboard level within boiling it up so that that information would be centralized so that the maintenance of it.
Arthur Fantaci: So, for instance, the Percona Finance Team Members using Qlik Sense could have, or will have ownership of that, so it won't be
Arthur Fantaci: it is struggling
Arthur Fantaci: to try and read minds or chase people to see if things have been updated. So
Arthur Fantaci: okay, yeah, and understood
Arthur Fantaci: alright. And so I think that covers that beautifully.
Arthur Fantaci: Okay, now let's discuss the question 'Adoption Usage'. I think the answer to this question will be pretty straightforward. As you said, Qlik Cloud is a new
Arthur Fantaci: platform for Percona. So we should just be able to use
Arthur Fantaci: the existing Qlik Sense Administration Monitoring
Arthur Fantaci: dashboard to measure New User rates
Arthur Fantaci: as well as System Usage Rates by multiple dimensions.
Arthur Fantaci: Additionally,
Arthur Fantaci: I can show you how to easily access the data populating that dashboard if for whatever reason you want to build a separate dashboard
Arthur Fantaci: or extend that dashboard group.
Filip Hanaczewski: Excellent. Yes.
Arthur Fantaci: Okay, great alright. And
Arthur Fantaci: let's see. So we've attempted to answer the 'Results and Achievements' question, and we've also attempted to answer the 'Adoption and Usage' question. That brings us to the 'Financial Impact' question.
Arthur Fantaci: To answer the 'Financial Impact' question we need to calculate Percona's anticipated Return on Investment (ROI).
Arthur Fantaci: Do you have thoughts about whether Percona is anticipating a positive Return on Investment from this engagement, and if there are specific use cases we can identify and use
Arthur Fantaci: to measure and report the Return on Investment
Arthur Fantaci: anticipated from successfully completing this engagement?
Filip Hanaczewski: It will be time saving definitely because we are trying to move
Filip Hanaczewski: this this small project. Let's call it a Proof of Concept (POC) of Qlik
Filip Hanaczewski: should be like a guidance for bigger teams
Filip Hanaczewski: to start adopting Qlik. And with this engagement
Filip Hanaczewski: we will not see a lot of improvement.
Filip Hanaczewski: it will be because Amal will be offloaded from the manual things that he would have to do on the spreadsheet and importing data and changing in data manually.
Filip Hanaczewski: but and of course, the way that the visualizations will be prepared would be much easier to understand and
Filip Hanaczewski: beautiful, not like we have now.
Filip Hanaczewski: So that's
Filip Hanaczewski: like minimal level that we will go with. But the next step will be
Filip Hanaczewski: to decrease the number of time that people are spend spending on preparation of any kind of reports that
Filip Hanaczewski: we have in the Revenue Operations Team, for example, or in
Filip Hanaczewski: and in the wider Financial Team or in Marketing. Maybe this. They are all connected with spreadsheets,
Filip Hanaczewski: and with exporting and importing data. Everything is in different places. So it's hard to find. It's not
Filip Hanaczewski: unified between the teams. So
Filip Hanaczewski: if we will be able to adopt Qlik in all of those teams, it's going to be a time saver, and so resulting in cost savings.
Arthur Fantaci: That's perfect. I appreciate it. I do want to apologize. I'm about to get up and take a toy away from my dog, Sadie, which I'm not sure if you can hear the squeaking she's making from playing with the toy.
Filip Hanaczewski: I also have one, my son, just my son just woke him up. So
Filip Hanaczewski: it's the same thing, I guess.
Arthur Fantaci: So. Yeah, that sounds like we're in the same boat here. Thank you for that. That is very helpful. It raises one question for me, which is in terms of dashboard development.
Arthur Fantaci: Upfront initially or moving forward.
Arthur Fantaci: How will the Qlik Sense dashboards be built? Will Percona have a team of Qlik Sense Application Developers who'll be building those dashboards based on requirements
Arthur Fantaci: from end users? Or is the Qlik Sense dashboard development going to be blended where you're going to be
Arthur Fantaci: empowering end users to create their own dashboards.
Filip Hanaczewski: More of the second approach. I will be like a Data Engineer Architect that will be bringing the data in, together with the Data Stewards.
Filip Hanaczewski: I'll be preparing the data sets, and then the Data Stewards,
Filip Hanaczewski: or particular
Filip Hanaczewski: Percona Department Teams will be responsible for preparation of the
Filip Hanaczewski: of the Qlik Sense dashboard visualizations. That's why we would want to develop
Filip Hanaczewski: this kind of Training Material we've been discussing, that will simplify the learning curve for them.
Filip Hanaczewski: We will also, me and Amal will be like the guidance for the newcomers, and we will help them adopt and understand how to use Qlik Sense.
Arthur Fantaci: So that's very helpful. What I would foresee is that
Arthur Fantaci: we will have
Arthur Fantaci: two different segments of Qlik Users across Percona.
Arthur Fantaci: I would see the priority being, and forgive me because I don't know enough about your background. But we would want to make sure that there's a structure around how Qlik Data Models are created. So
Arthur Fantaci: I would see if you're gonna have end users creating the front end, which is
Arthur Fantaci: which is great. I mean, that product is, you know, kind of architected for that.
Arthur Fantaci: You'd wanna have
Arthur Fantaci: a library of data models.
Arthur Fantaci: That would be plug and play if you will, or
Arthur Fantaci: for instance, beginning with QVDs.
Arthur Fantaci: then Qlik Sense applications that contain Qlik Data Models
Arthur Fantaci: that could then just be
Arthur Fantaci: attached, if you will, to a new Qlik Sense
Arthur Fantaci: application. And so the end user would never have to think about what Data Model they're using. All they're doing is just focusing on
Arthur Fantaci: creating visualizations based on known dimensions and measures.
Arthur Fantaci: So, yeah, that's that sounds exactly how you would want to approach this.
Filip Hanaczewski: If there will be some missing pieces in the data sets. I would expect the Data Stewards to come to me, and we will work out the changes that should have been done on the data sets that are connected to the, to the Data Models, to the Qlik Sense applications.
Filip Hanaczewski: Okay, I understand what it is. But I'm trying to learn it. And I would appreciate your help with it. If we will be using any of these during this engagement, I would be happy to see it.
Arthur Fantaci: Yeah, absolutely. So I think what we could do is we can use the Booking Data Dashboard as a Use Case, if you will.
Filip Hanaczewski: Excellent for best practice for that so, for instance.
Filip Hanaczewski: the best practice would be something approximating a 3 tiered architecture, which is a very fancy way of saying a base layer of
Filip Hanaczewski: where you would say import tables as a select star, and you would import those, let's say, on a daily basis. Each table would be
Filip Hanaczewski: converted each night into a Qvd. Document.
Filip Hanaczewski: And then that way. There's a single instance of that database table as a Qvd. That can be reused many times, and then the second layer of the 3 pieces would be a data model where you are. You create a Qlik Sense application
Filip Hanaczewski: and using Qvd documents.
Filip Hanaczewski: and
Filip Hanaczewski: you would then design a data model to support a particular domain. So, for instance, finance
Filip Hanaczewski: on.
Filip Hanaczewski: and then that sorry and that data model, it would then be reusable. The objective would be
Filip Hanaczewski: a data model that
Filip Hanaczewski: could be reused by anyone who's interested in finance for whatever specific
Filip Hanaczewski: objectives they have. But everyone would be using
Filip Hanaczewski: the same, the same data.
Filip Hanaczewski: and then the final tier of it would just be in the Ui.
Filip Hanaczewski: We'd make sure that there was a consistent. We'd want to create master dimensions and master measures.
Filip Hanaczewski: So, for instance, if finance, if Perkona, for instance, had operating units in different geographies or different market segments that perhaps have a different
Filip Hanaczewski: formula for revenue.
Filip Hanaczewski: We would want to create standard master measures for those.
Filip Hanaczewski: Exactly. Yes. Yeah.
Filip Hanaczewski: Okay, so. And the good. What I heard you say at the beginning of this call was something akin to beginning modestly and then iterating and scaling. And so
Filip Hanaczewski: what we can do over the we can just use that booking data. Dashboard is an opportunity
Filip Hanaczewski: to to do that. So it sounds like we wanna make things that
Filip Hanaczewski: we'll use this 1st phase I use the phrase,
Filip Hanaczewski: I think it's called a self evidencing or self. Basically what it is is the the thing we build will be an example of how to do what you want to do. So the objective is, it won't just be. We need to create booking dashboards. But we need to create booking dashboards
Filip Hanaczewski: in a method in which
Filip Hanaczewski: that deliverable is instructive of how to
Filip Hanaczewski: begin creating other dashboards in other areas of the business.
Filip Hanaczewski: Sounds excellent.
Filip Hanaczewski: Okay, yeah, I don't want to over promise. But I think that's that will be a good approach.
Filip Hanaczewski: That sounds good approach for us.
Filip Hanaczewski: right? And that's exactly what I was thinking about this kind of structure, where we will deliver self service for the users that will be educated enough to use it.
Filip Hanaczewski: That's great phrase. So it sounds like, that's really the end game for you.
Filip Hanaczewski: okay, yeah. I think that really does kind of it imposes a structure on how
Filip Hanaczewski: you know what.
Filip Hanaczewski: what we're gonna want to get done
Filip Hanaczewski: so that you have a chance to work with it. I think it means more of a focus.
Filip Hanaczewski: I think it means more of a focus on the the development process, whether that's in the back end or the front end
Filip Hanaczewski: and then with the service. Now, Connector.
Filip Hanaczewski: I think what I'd like to do is
Filip Hanaczewski: if we can take a look at that.
Filip Hanaczewski: and then I could just quickly identify. If it's something that's either going to take me too long.
Filip Hanaczewski: or isn't something that I'm capable of getting done. I can just quickly hand off
Filip Hanaczewski: that task and the associated hours to someone who does it all day long.
Filip Hanaczewski: Okay?
Filip Hanaczewski: So I think that way.
Filip Hanaczewski: I'm using my hours effectively. So either I can get it done, or I'm going to get somebody
Filip Hanaczewski: who can get it done for us.
Filip Hanaczewski: and I won't. I won't distract myself with with the connector. Is it that you want to use the connector strictly within
Filip Hanaczewski: Qlik Sense applications? Or is it that you're using the connector in external applications or pipelines that you're building?
Filip Hanaczewski: I was trying to use it in Qlik Sense. I was trying to connect to ServiceNow, and I was trying to pull in some data
Filip Hanaczewski: directly from ServiceNow.
Filip Hanaczewski: and it didn't work with the normal approach, and then I was by support I was told that I should be using. I should try at least to use the Api calls.
Filip Hanaczewski: and I tried and seemed like some of the tables were were being uploaded, but some of them were problematic, and I'm not sure why it's happening. Maybe it's
Filip Hanaczewski: it might be our data.
Filip Hanaczewski: But if it is, I also would want to understand how we can handle things like that.
Filip Hanaczewski: Yeah, absolutely. I I doubt it's and well, who knows we.
Filip Hanaczewski: So I feel like we've done a with your help. I think we've done a nice job with covering off on everything the visuals.
Filip Hanaczewski: Those are really just a function of. If we have everything else defined.
Filip Hanaczewski: we can just decide. So I think we've covered all of that
Filip Hanaczewski: and I I feel like you've over the course of this conversation. You've covered
Filip Hanaczewski: the project, timeline. Would would that
Filip Hanaczewski: would that be correct? If you like, handle on what you want. One thing I'm going to disadvantage of is my colleagues. Qlik, colleagues have sent me some screenshots of some really excellently
Filip Hanaczewski: documented measure. Definitions and things are those part of something that you put together for this particular effort. It is. Yes, that's probably from the documents that I'm going to send to you. Okay.
Filip Hanaczewski: alright. And those would be associated with the booking booking data.
Filip Hanaczewski: Okay.
Filip Hanaczewski: that's great. So
Filip Hanaczewski: what I'll do is when we've completed this call
Filip Hanaczewski: I'll receive those and and go through those.
Filip Hanaczewski: And again, it's like a 99% of the instances. I never get that level of documentation. So it's
Filip Hanaczewski: it's great.
Filip Hanaczewski: Is there? Are there any other materials or things like that that
Filip Hanaczewski: I'm going to be able to review, or that you want me
Filip Hanaczewski: to have access to.
Filip Hanaczewski: for now we only have this document. That's is is prepared by Amal. So he prepared this, based on
Filip Hanaczewski: his knowledge how it could be prepared. I reviewed it with him, and the level of details that is included here. We we suppose that it is enough, but if it wouldn't, we would want to also understand
Filip Hanaczewski: what kind of level of details would you need to to move on and to understand that the end goal, because it might not be everything. But this is the only document that we have, because the used cases is not that big. So we didn't prepare anything else.
Filip Hanaczewski: Okay, no, I'll I'll
Filip Hanaczewski: review it. And again, I rarely.
Filip Hanaczewski: I rarely have anything written. I rarely receive anything that has been written down.
Filip Hanaczewski: Or at least, you know it's handwritten. I'm glad that I'm doing great job. Yes, I mean it does. It sounds like I'm just sucking up to you. But no, this is.
Filip Hanaczewski: you guys seem to really have your ducks in a row, so I'm glad. All right. So, knowing that then I have access to the in in terms of the tenant that I have access to.
Filip Hanaczewski: I'll share my screen here. And let's just make sure.
Filip Hanaczewski: See if I have anything
Filip Hanaczewski: that I can drive around to?
Filip Hanaczewski: so just please let me know if you're able to see my screen. See it. Okay.
Filip Hanaczewski: so
Filip Hanaczewski: is there anything
Filip Hanaczewski: you don't see anything? Okay.
Filip Hanaczewski: let me go to catalog and see.
Filip Hanaczewski: So I would have to add you to the groups that okay, I know what I have to do. I'll add you to the groups. And
Filip Hanaczewski: do you have 5 min, or just like, Oh, absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. I'm your. I'm all yours
Filip Hanaczewski: for for better or for worse, I'm all yours.
Filip Hanaczewski: So spaces, I think that's spaces.
Filip Hanaczewski: I was logged out one sec.
Filip Hanaczewski: Yeah, if if possible. And pardon me for talking while you're trying to get stuff done there, but the best for me is to either have root, admin access, or
Filip Hanaczewski: it can walk you through the others so that I can
Filip Hanaczewski: be it the admin admin, console, and things like that.
Filip Hanaczewski: Add member
Filip Hanaczewski: and since I'm a like, I'm an insufferable talker while you're
Filip Hanaczewski: While you're doing that, D, does Perkona have access to Qlik training? Is that something?
Filip Hanaczewski: Because that's helpful for me to know?
Filip Hanaczewski: I think we do, and we, me and Amal, we will attend
Filip Hanaczewski: a training
Filip Hanaczewski: additional training for the visualizations
Filip Hanaczewski: like the like. The
Filip Hanaczewski: someone will lead it. I think that's
Filip Hanaczewski: it's like a virtual session for our for 2 days that we will have with Amal.
Filip Hanaczewski: Okay, so that's it you have in person, whether it's virtual or not, it's in person training.
Filip Hanaczewski: Yes, yes.
Filip Hanaczewski: okay. So I'll find out if you have.
Filip Hanaczewski: I don't know if you're able to see my screen. This is
Filip Hanaczewski: it's called Qlik
Filip Hanaczewski: continuous classroom. Exactly. Yeah. I saw this. Do you have access to this?
Filip Hanaczewski: Yes. Oh, great. Okay. So among the things we can do. It'll be.
Filip Hanaczewski: you know, very easy is, we can also
Filip Hanaczewski: put together a curriculum for your new users to take advantage of this, because this training really is excellent. It has.
Filip Hanaczewski: Not only is it very bite size in terms of video instruction, but it comes with
Filip Hanaczewski: quite a bit of sample data,
Filip Hanaczewski: applications that mirror the content that's been reviewed during the
Filip Hanaczewski: the lessons and things like that.
Filip Hanaczewski: That's exactly what I would want to do with you at the end, when we will be done with 2 main goals. I would want to go through this and just collect like the like. You said the curriculum for the new users that will come in and
Filip Hanaczewski: we'll we will just address the learning curve here.
Filip Hanaczewski: Okay, great. So no matter what we get done in the 1st week.
Filip Hanaczewski: As long as we carve out 2 or 3 h
Filip Hanaczewski: we'll be able to at a minimum put together
Filip Hanaczewski: roadmaps if you will, for the different user. User segments for for your tenant.
Filip Hanaczewski: Great. Okay. Users.
Filip Hanaczewski: Alright to the instance. You should see something more now, maybe. Okay.
Filip Hanaczewski: Great. Okay, thanks.
Filip Hanaczewski: The bookings is
Filip Hanaczewski: the one.
Filip Hanaczewski: Probably this one is
Filip Hanaczewski: right.
Filip Hanaczewski: And alright. So what a
Filip Hanaczewski: what? I'm gonna be able if you don't mind, I'm gonna go back. What I want to be able to do is look at the data model. So I can see what I have.
Filip Hanaczewski: so you're probably missing some
Filip Hanaczewski: privileges right?
Filip Hanaczewski: What I what should I do to give you like
Filip Hanaczewski: higher level access, which which privileges should I set?
Filip Hanaczewski: I will take a look for you in just a second. Let me just do so. I want to go to the data load, editor.
Filip Hanaczewski: and this is the main things I want to make sure I have access to whatever data connections you want me to have
Filip Hanaczewski: access to.
Filip Hanaczewski: So I have Salesforce. But I don't have service. Now.
Filip Hanaczewski: let's see, yeah, ServiceNow does exist, because it's it's not here.
Filip Hanaczewski: I'll add you to the second group. Yeah, that's right.
Filip Hanaczewski: And then, if you don't mind, we can. Also, we can walk through. And so now we'll have a video of it.
Filip Hanaczewski: just just specifically what the issue is. And that way.
Filip Hanaczewski: if if I don't think I can solve it for you in a timely manner.
Filip Hanaczewski: I'll pull in someone who can, and I can have them watch that section of the video. So you don't have to go over it again.
Filip Hanaczewski: Okay, I think we should see it.
Filip Hanaczewski: ken.
Filip Hanaczewski: Well, it's it's not in this
Filip Hanaczewski: application. It's okay.
Filip Hanaczewski: right business services. That should be it.
Filip Hanaczewski: It doesn't show up. Oh, yeah. So I understand. I get it. So it's not in there. Let's see if I'm
Filip Hanaczewski: I see. And this is how you where you were encountering an issue. Right? It's just at this, the create connection.
Filip Hanaczewski: Yes, this didn't work. And then.
Filip Hanaczewski: within the one of the applications. I have a data load script where I,
Filip Hanaczewski: where I started manipulating the data script, the the load script. And there I was able to identify what was the problem with which table?
Filip Hanaczewski: And but I I not sure. Why?
Filip Hanaczewski: Okay, well, would you? How about we? I turn the you can share your screen. We'll go into that application and take a look.
Filip Hanaczewski: Eric.
Filip Hanaczewski: okay, great
Filip Hanaczewski: right? And is that in terms of
Filip Hanaczewski: data connection? So I have
Filip Hanaczewski: business services
Filip Hanaczewski: and finance, and so do I have what I need. So we have Salesforce bulk.
Filip Hanaczewski: Are there? Are there any other
Filip Hanaczewski: sources of data like, for instance, for booking data or Salesforce, where the booking data is.
Filip Hanaczewski: Salesforce is where the booking data is.
Filip Hanaczewski: and ServiceNow is going to be used for a different purpose. There will be another application that we will probably join with the Salesforce data. But for now we are just trying to make the connection for ServiceNow.
Arthur Fantaci: Okay, just for my own reference. And
Arthur Fantaci: to ensure I'm using the same business language and business terms that you are, what is Percona's specific use of the ServiceNow platform that generates the data being used by this Qlik Sense dashboard application? Is the data associated with Customer Service by Percona for its customers?
Filip Hanaczewski: I can share my screen. Okay?
Arthur Fantaci: Oh, that'd be great. Yeah. Let me stop sharing my screen here.
Arthur Fantaci: I'm not sure how to end my screen sharing. Oh, there you go, you're now sharing your screen. Thank you.
Filip Hanaczewski: Right? So my screen is showing the Percona Qlik Cloud Analytics Home page. The applications visible on the page I'm currently sharing will be connecting to Percona's Jira system. I didn't have a lot of problems with the Qlik Jira Data Connector, so for now there will be some things that I might ask you for assistance later on.
Filip Hanaczewski: On my screen now is the Booking Data Dashboard, the application that is using the Qlik Salesforce Data Connector.
Filip Hanaczewski: And on my screen now we have the 'ETR (Entitlement, Time, Review) Synchronization Quality Assurance Dashboard'. The 'ETR' Dashboard uses two Qlik Data Connectors: the Qlik Salesforce Data Connector and the Qlik ServiceNow Data Connector.
Arthur Fantaci: Okay, thank you for showing me these dashboards.
Filip Hanaczewski: And here on my screen
Filip Hanaczewski: is the Data Load Script Editor from the 'ETR' Dashboard in which I'm
Filip Hanaczewski: attempting to load data from Percona's ServiceNow application.
Filip Hanaczewski: Right, and this is the Data Load Editor Sheet in which I'm using the Qlik ServiceNow Data Connector.
Filip Hanaczewski: And when I attempt to run a reload of this application
Filip Hanaczewski: an error related to the Qlik ServiceNow Data Connector is thrown and the reload fails.
Arthur Fantaci: Thank you for the explanation. I'll get a screenshot just as soon as the Error Message
Arthur Fantaci: pops up on your screen.
Arthur Fantaci: And I'm sorry for having to ask, but what does the 'ETR' stand for in the name of Percona's ETR Dashboard?
Filip Hanaczewski: 'ETR' stands for Entitlement Time Review
Arthur Fantaci: Thank you.
Arthur Fantaci: Can you please explain the meaning of 'Entitlement Time Review'?
Filip Hanaczewski: So that is something that we are using as a concept that our Services Department, like Managed Services, are selling block of hours
Filip Hanaczewski: to our customers and the Service Entitlement for the hours that each customer can use
Filip Hanaczewski: is what we are calling an Entitlement.
Filip Hanaczewski: Now, this is something that is generated, based on the contract in Salesforce, and we are moving this information to Percona's ServiceNow system, and ServiceNow controls
Filip Hanaczewski: the amount of hours that is being utilized by specific customers.
Filip Hanaczewski: And then the 'Entitlement Time Review' refers to a report that is telling us
Filip Hanaczewski: how many hours each customer used
Filip Hanaczewski: for a particular month.
Arthur Fantaci: Alright understood. Thank you. That's really super helpful.
Arthur Fantaci: May I please step away for 15 seconds? I'm gonna leave my microphone on. I'm just going to give my dog, Sadie, a treat so that she
Arthur Fantaci: leaves me in peace here.
Arthur Fantaci: Alright, Sadie? Good job! Here you go, here's a treat for you!
Arthur Fantaci: That's right, Sadie! Good show.
Arthur Fantaci: Alright, Sadie. Let's go!
Arthur Fantaci: Okay, alright, thank you. I appreciate your patience, Filip. We can get back to reviewing your attempt to reload your Qlik Sense application's Data Load Editor script.
Arthur Fantaci: Alright. I'm not going to get excited that your application's reload process hasn't failed yet. I'm assuming the failure doesn't come until later in the reload process?
Filip Hanaczewski: Exactly.
Filip Hanaczewski: I'm not sure where which table it was, I think. Oh, that's seems like
Filip Hanaczewski: Salesforce already.
Arthur Fantaci: Well, it's helpful to know what is working as well. So, has it hit the Error?
Filip Hanaczewski: No.
Arthur Fantaci: Is this the same Error Message that you received before?
Filip Hanaczewski: No, no, I it's a different thing.
Filip Hanaczewski: I think. I removed the problematic line, the problematic table from the service. Now, Connector, just to see if the rest will be loading fine.
Filip Hanaczewski: I'll have to add this back. I think this was problem with task table. And even though we didn't
Filip Hanaczewski: specify particular
Filip Hanaczewski: fields that we would want to ingest like we wanted to, ingest only the 'Id' field
Filip Hanaczewski: and some other specific fields. And the problem with the ingestion was in fields that were not selected by us.
Filip Hanaczewski: And that's something that I don't understand.
Arthur Fantaci: Okay, yeah, that sounds like something we may want to address somewhere within the scope of this Engagement.
Filip Hanaczewski: Great, that sounds like it should be.
Arthur Fantaci: It sounds
Arthur Fantaci: complex enough that I wanna yeah dive into that a bit more. I I would want to say quickly, though with that circular reference. I think it
Arthur Fantaci: perhaps one of the
Arthur Fantaci: one of the elements we'll include in terms of for the back end and best practices will be
Arthur Fantaci: optimizing
Arthur Fantaci: the Data Models that are built
Arthur Fantaci: to support the front end Qlik Sense application development (i.e. User Interface Design).
Arthur Fantaci: So, for instance, if we
Arthur Fantaci: if you're able to.
Arthur Fantaci: Instead of the Data Load Editor selection, in the upper left, if we just click the dropdown near there and let's just go to the Data Model Viewer, please.
Arthur Fantaci: And this is also part of I'm ignorant of your background. Do you have a background in
Filip Hanaczewski: like relational database design or anything like that. Oh, yes, in in a lot of things I have background in programming
Filip Hanaczewski: are in zoom.
Arthur Fantaci: So it sounds like, yeah, here this is, you're early in the process of all of your
Arthur Fantaci: testing and development and things. So this this kind of
Arthur Fantaci: so we'll work to make sure, because the same rules would apply
Arthur Fantaci: in building a Qlik Data Model as it would with.
Arthur Fantaci: you know, any type of relational model where you want it to be a dimensional model,
Arthur Fantaci: a Star Schema, or a Snowflake Schema will generally be the most performant for modeling data in Qlik.
Arthur Fantaci: And there are other data modeling techniques, depending on the data volumes and other factors.
Arthur Fantaci: And there are other, you know, techniques or practices.
Arthur Fantaci: Yeah, I'm assuming here, we're you're just.
Arthur Fantaci: You're just trying to validate that the connections are working correctly. Is that accurate?
Filip Hanaczewski: Exactly. I was trying to
Filip Hanaczewski: reflect the
Filip Hanaczewski: the query
Filip Hanaczewski: that's I'm using in a different system, currently, because we also have a Metabase. We have this kind of dashboard
Filip Hanaczewski: and I was trying to move it to Qlik. But I that's the problem that I faced.
Filip Hanaczewski: I'm not this. This
Filip Hanaczewski: is probably not something that should exist.
Filip Hanaczewski: but it is something that is necessary for us to understand this, because
Filip Hanaczewski: there are
Filip Hanaczewski: in. I would have to show you the relevant query
Filip Hanaczewski: in the Metabase. So you can understand, what are we trying to achieve?
Filip Hanaczewski: It would be easier
Filip Hanaczewski: to do it this way.
Filip Hanaczewski: Let's maybe we do that in
Filip Hanaczewski: in on, you know. Say, tomorrow or Wednesday I will prepare myself for it. I'll I can prepare a document like this
Filip Hanaczewski: where you will have all details what we would want to do with the ETR Dashboard.
Filip Hanaczewski: And then
Filip Hanaczewski: we could go through this when I'm going to be ready for now, I don't think it would be waste of your time.
Arthur Fantaci: Yeah, agreed. I think it's we can be more productive. I can also just show you some techniques that are specific to Qlik in terms of how to overcome Circular Reference issues, like that one.
Filip Hanaczewski: Understood that the data requires. You know that. And
Filip Hanaczewski: that's the only way. It is possible that I'm just not
Filip Hanaczewski: importing the data in the right way, because maybe we don't really need this
Filip Hanaczewski: relations here. And I could just import whole tables and just do the manipulation of the data in a different place.
Filip Hanaczewski: I agree it depending on. And I think it is situated.
Arthur Fantaci: It's situationally dependent. And so sure let's put this on the parking lot, and we can. You and I can go through this. I'll better understand it. And but
Filip Hanaczewski: if you could.
Filip Hanaczewski: exactly, if you could modify this application to put back in
Arthur Fantaci: the lines that are generating the able error. Yes, I will do. That would be great, and what I'll do is I'll run it. I'll get that error.
Arthur Fantaci: and then
Arthur Fantaci: I'll just let you know quickly
Arthur Fantaci: whether I can
Arthur Fantaci: address it or I'll get someone to help me.
Arthur Fantaci: And just so you're,
Arthur Fantaci: so we're clear. It's, you know, if I get someone to help me, the hours that would be required would then be carved out of whatever time we have, so it wouldn't be.
Arthur Fantaci: Someone is coming in. And then.
Arthur Fantaci: you know, trying to impose new hours. It's just
Arthur Fantaci: I may delegate this just so I can stay focused on
Arthur Fantaci: other pieces.
Filip Hanaczewski: Sounds great. Yeah, good. Alright. Alright. So what I'd like to do is when it's convenient.
Filip Hanaczewski: if you can.
Arthur Fantaci: I guess both. If I'm able to have the video is less important. The transcript would be very important to me.
Arthur Fantaci: and then I'll go through that
Arthur Fantaci: and over the next day I'm going to put together
Arthur Fantaci: a work plan based on what we've shared.
Arthur Fantaci: I would say this did
Arthur Fantaci: I think meeting at least once a day.
Arthur Fantaci: because this is such a short amount of time, it's going to be important.
Arthur Fantaci: So I think, at the at a minimum.
Arthur Fantaci: Well, I guess what would work for you every day this week
Arthur Fantaci: for meeting? It doesn't have to be very long in terms of just every day we do a touch base
Filip Hanaczewski: Every weekday morning this week at 9:00 a.m. ET is a convenient time for me.
Arthur Fantaci: Perfect. Okay.
Arthur Fantaci: Yeah. So if
Arthur Fantaci: half an hour, probably. Yeah, it can be. Yes, we can use it as a stand up. And then if we decide, for instance,
Arthur Fantaci: we need to do a different meeting, for instance, to review what we just talked about,
Arthur Fantaci: then we don't need to do the scheduled daily 9:00 a.m. ET meeting that particular day. Because I just anticipate
Arthur Fantaci: that. I just want to make sure we're touching base every day. But let's yes, we'll see how we will do
Arthur Fantaci: with the, with the booking data, because that's the most important thing. I will invite Amal to those meetings, so he will be able to explain you any details that you might have questions about regarding the booking data.
Filip Hanaczewski: and we'll see how it will go regarding the development. And if that's going to be necessary. We can have these those meetings, and if not.
Filip Hanaczewski: I'm not. I don't know if you think it is necessary, we can meet.
Filip Hanaczewski: Okay. So one of our one of our
Filip Hanaczewski: needs is also something like cooperation with you. So we will also understand.
Filip Hanaczewski: How are you going to do this? And maybe
Filip Hanaczewski: every day. Maybe that's a good idea. You would
Filip Hanaczewski: show us.
Filip Hanaczewski: How did you do stuff that that was done so we can also learn while you will be doing things.
Arthur Fantaci: Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. I think that's a great way to go as I'm looking now. I just opened up the Salesforce Data Connection. I'm looking at the tables and things.
Arthur Fantaci: Do I have access the applications I have access to? Will it be clear if the applications as well as the document you're gonna provide me? Will that give me what I need to get up to speed with the particular tables I need to be working with?
Arthur Fantaci: Or are all of the data I need to understand imported into the Booking Data Dashboard?
Filip Hanaczewski: Everything that's needed to prepare the reports
Filip Hanaczewski: are based on the document
Filip Hanaczewski: that I'm going to share with you. This is.
Filip Hanaczewski: I prepared this data set based on the
Filip Hanaczewski: export
Filip Hanaczewski: to spreadsheet that we are getting from Salesforce. So every data point that was in that spreadsheet is currently available in
Filip Hanaczewski: Qlik. And the document that you will receive from me is referring to those fields which are available in the
Filip Hanaczewski: Booking Data Dashboard Qlik Sense application.
Arthur Fantaci: Okay, alright. Great. Okay. And I'm looking at the Booking Data Dashboard and I see,
Arthur Fantaci: on the 'Dev dashboard' Sheet,
Arthur Fantaci: eight KPI Visualization Objects.
Filip Hanaczewski: Exactly. Those are the numbers that I was trying to compare with a similar report from Salesforce.
Filip Hanaczewski: and we need to be perfectly sure
Filip Hanaczewski: that there are no discrepancies between the data displayed in Percona's Salesforce system and the data displayed in Percona's Qlik Cloud Platform. So
Filip Hanaczewski: we must also be able every day to show you the numbers that we see in Percona's Salesforce system
Filip Hanaczewski: and be able to tie out those numbers with the
Filip Hanaczewski: Qlik Cloud Platform data.
Filip Hanaczewski: Currently, I am not able to achieve a 100%
Filip Hanaczewski: validation of the data from the Salesforce and Qlik systems. There are some issues that we are aware about, like Currency Conversion Rates for the exchange for the various currency types contained in the Salesforce operational data tables,
Filip Hanaczewski: and probably some more issues. But that's something that Amal will be able to explain more. And but all of the things that
Filip Hanaczewski: should have been applied to this data set are in the document
Filip Hanaczewski: that I will send you after this call.
Arthur Fantaci: Right.
Arthur Fantaci: So good. So what I'll do
Arthur Fantaci: will be, you know. Take the transcript. I'll use that to assist me with
Arthur Fantaci: putting together a work plan and deliverables which we can go over tomorrow morning.
Arthur Fantaci: I'm gonna go through the Booking Data Dashboard application along with the document you'll send me
Arthur Fantaci: to understand the Measures used in the Qlik Sense Booking Data Dashboard application.
Arthur Fantaci: And so would part of what you want to accomplish during this first week, or 'Phase One' objectives be for me to focus on the Booking Data Dashboard Qlik Sense application and
Arthur Fantaci: work with you to lay out
Arthur Fantaci: a few Sheets populated with relevant Data Visualizations populated with the Measures contained in the document you're sending me?
Filip Hanaczewski: Yes, with a lot more than me. But yes, exactly.
Arthur Fantaci: Alright. And we know that with the Booking Data Dashboard, you're having issues with getting the data to tie out correctly
Filip Hanaczewski: and
Arthur Fantaci: and the thought.
Arthur Fantaci: So I think that's another one. And maybe that's during the session with them all is we can uncover. He can identify for me
Arthur Fantaci: which
Arthur Fantaci: which data, elements or measures aren't tying out
Arthur Fantaci: with the Salesforce database. And then we can dig into that issue.
Filip Hanaczewski: Yes, I'm sure she will be able to point that out. We will be both on the call, so we will definitely be able to guide you, and we will find that. But
Filip Hanaczewski: I'm not able
Filip Hanaczewski: to say what exactly is, is wrong with that. At this point we will have to try. The currencies will have to try
Filip Hanaczewski: to make sure that the scope of the of the range of the dates is correct.
Filip Hanaczewski: If, yeah, there are couple of filters that are applied on the Salesforce side that I'm not sure if I was applying correctly in Qlik.
Arthur Fantaci: Understood. When could you, Amal and I have an hour to have that meeting? Could we do that by the end of the day tomorrow, Tuesday, July 16, 2024?
Filip Hanaczewski: Most probably by the end of the day I'm not going to be available, because that's going to be very late for me. I'm based in Poland.
Arthur Fantaci: Oh, when I say end of day, I'm sorry. So could we, would it be possible to do tomorrow morning?
Filip Hanaczewski: I'll have like an hour
or 2
Filip Hanaczewski: till end of my day. So that's
Filip Hanaczewski: since I will have a call at
Filip Hanaczewski: 9:30 a.m. ET
Filip Hanaczewski: for an hour, or maybe not an hour. But that's like a team call. So I need to be there, sure I'm out will be free. So he will still be able to help you if you'll be available.
Arthur Fantaci: Yeah. And thank you first of all, pardon me for being ignorant about where you're located.
Arthur Fantaci: 1st of all, just cause I'll be very happy to. But secondly, just because this is a short duration. There's no problem with me taking an earlier call. If that gives you more breathing room. If you want to talk at 7 am Eastern and that makes your life easier. That's great with me. It's no problem.
Filip Hanaczewski: Yeah. So that's fine with me. But Amal is on the West coast? I think so. Alright. So yeah, I think if Amal is the priority in terms of this particular piece, the Booking Data Dashboard.
Arthur Fantaci: Then I would say, as soon as it's convenient for him. I'd like to get that done before the end of the day tomorrow.
Filip Hanaczewski: Let's. I will try to get him on a call
Filip Hanaczewski: tomorrow.
Filip Hanaczewski: and
Filip Hanaczewski: we will get together. We will meet each other, and you will be able to reach out to him at any time, and you will be able to agree anytime to work with him, because I'm not going to be needed for all the sessions. Okay, will be more interested. And looking at the visualizations, and we'll be able to provide a lot more information about the booking data and requirements for the visualizations. How
Filip Hanaczewski: he would want to
Filip Hanaczewski: see the
Filip Hanaczewski: slideshow source. Also how to say it. Or if he was using a specific word.
Filip Hanaczewski: Okay.
Filip Hanaczewski: like a
Filip Hanaczewski: Storytelling. Exactly. So. He would want to have this kind of Storytelling possibility with couple of
Filip Hanaczewski: dashboards that will be going from a high level
Filip Hanaczewski: details to lower level details with some
Filip Hanaczewski: with some dig ins into the details for particular
Filip Hanaczewski: in
Filip Hanaczewski: visualization. So he will be able to explain all that.
Arthur Fantaci: Okay, yeah, that's perfect. And then I'm glad we have a chance to confirm that. So you feel free
Arthur Fantaci: to. Just if you want to move
Arthur Fantaci: to the time that we spend, whether it's the daily touching base or meetings where we're getting more into detail, feel free to move those earlier.
Arthur Fantaci: Okay, yeah, so yeah, just
Arthur Fantaci: just so, you know, let's okay. So that sounds great. So that's with them all for the booking dashboards.
Arthur Fantaci: The service. Now, Connector. Once I hear from you, I'll know that
Arthur Fantaci: I can go into the ETR Dashboard Application, replicate that error on my own.
Arthur Fantaci: and then decide whether I handle it or I pass that off.
Arthur Fantaci: I delegate that so that it can be done more efficiently.
Arthur Fantaci: and I feel comfortable that we're on the same page in terms of
Arthur Fantaci: that 3rd piece, the training piece.
Arthur Fantaci: Alright, so say when we meet tomorrow morning I'll have that outline
Arthur Fantaci: for how we want to accomplish, you know, how we want to spend the entire eighty billable hours allocated for this engagement.
Arthur Fantaci: And
Arthur Fantaci: I'll rely on you in terms of
Arthur Fantaci: the, for instance, what we had looked at just a moment ago before, issues with data models,
Arthur Fantaci: the circular reference and things.
Arthur Fantaci: If that's something that specific, either we use it as a used case for
Arthur Fantaci: best practices, or it's something that has to be
Arthur Fantaci: resolved in Phase One or Phase Two of the engagement.
Arthur Fantaci: We can go over that as soon as it's convenient for you as well.
Filip Hanaczewski: Sounds great. I just sent you an invite.
Filip Hanaczewski: or the 9 A. M.
Filip Hanaczewski: Sync. Daily Sync.
Filip Hanaczewski: I invited Amal there.
Filip Hanaczewski: and tomorrow we'll discuss any details when Amal will be available to work with you on the details regarding the Booking Data Dashboard.
Filip Hanaczewski: We can start there.
Arthur Fantaci: That's perfect, much appreciated.
Filip Hanaczewski: And for tomorrow I'll be ready with the ETR Dashboard problems and the ServiceNow
Filip Hanaczewski: synchronization issues. So I'll send you the details, and you will be able to pass it over to someone else.
Arthur Fantaci: All right, that's terrific, and is no, no one else has assisted you. It sounds like, perhaps you had contacted Qlik support.
Filip Hanaczewski: Yes, I can share with you the case that was raised by me.
Arthur Fantaci: Yes, please, because, yeah, if you didn't get your problem solved, that's not
Arthur Fantaci: how it's supposed to work. So yes, please do. And then we'll be ready to address it.
Arthur Fantaci: We can at least go over tomorrow, and I'll let you know whether I'll do it or someone else will get it done.
Filip Hanaczewski: Alright. Thank you. Alright. Thank you so much. I hope you have a nice evening.
Arthur Fantaci: Thank you. All right. Talk to you tomorrow.
Filip Hanaczewski: Till tomorrow, bye.